c:\users\freeman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\problem\problem\bin\Debug\problem.exe.config
c:\users\freeman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\problem\problem\bin\Debug\problem.exe
c:\users\freeman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\problem\problem\bin\Debug\problem.pdb
c:\users\freeman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\problem\problem\obj\Debug\problem.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\freeman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\problem\problem\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\freeman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\problem\problem\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\freeman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\problem\problem\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\freeman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\problem\problem\obj\Debug\problem_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\freeman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\problem\problem\obj\Debug\problem.g.resources
c:\users\freeman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\problem\problem\obj\Debug\problem.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\freeman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\problem\problem\obj\Debug\problem.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\freeman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\problem\problem\obj\Debug\problem.exe
c:\users\freeman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\problem\problem\obj\Debug\problem.pdb
C:\Users\Freeman\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\problem\problem\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Freeman\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\problem\problem\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Freeman\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\problem\problem\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
C:\Users\Freeman\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\problem\problem\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
C:\Users\Freeman\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\problem\problem\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
C:\Users\Freeman\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\problem\problem\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Freeman\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\problem\problem\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Freeman\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\problem\problem\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
